Hello everyone I am very happy to
to find you after this period
festive
it's been a little while I was holding
before anything else to wish you a
excellent year 2014 here it is you
brings everything you hope to be
just happy whatever the
way to achieve it's own to
so everyone here is a big big kisses of
happy new year to all I also wanted to
thank you because we have
exceeded for 2014 the bar of 14 thousand
subscribers and what makes me so much more
pleasure is that you really have I
will not be at all politically
okay what am I going to say but you
are used now I had the
feeling that with video especially about
foie gras on the milk too I
simply attract quality people
and you know if you followed me since
long me my goal is to have
people on this chain who share
my values here I was just holding
thank you for being here and
to be what you are mostly because
that all your comments touch me
Verry much
so now when we will see
enter the heart of the subject 1
if you will, then today
give you today you speak
from a small plant color to
which I have a recourse a few
days now that's how much is it
maybe a good week now
little more to situate you
thing I made a vegetable coloring
in the salons bio headdress in paris ago
in june 2013 i was delighted i
would you put a link if you are
interested so by here and there I had
want to test a homemade color
so I bought the homemade coloring
in a bio coop simply it's
of the art logo mark and I was
also pleasantly surprised by this
product I'm going to talk about
interruption in detail I threw the
box so game
shows what it looks like
art already how does it look so
in you have a powder 1 sachet
filled with powder it looks a bit like
clay fact
and so it's the vegetable coloring and
then you have a pair of gloves
you have a little charlotte and that's
everything and I say it's all because
that in fact I was a little bit
surprised not to find small
brushes finally at the same time I'm not
at all used to the colorations it is
the first time I made one to
the house and so suddenly that I wanted
you specify anyway if they have
procured this product is that I myself
served a toothbrush to
the former an old toothbrush
with a toothbrush I use
currently if possible and it's not
very practical so I recommend you
still buy a little more
brush then regarding the use
of the product so in fact just
pour the powder gold me I have hair
long so I poured everything but
frankly if you have hair
short you do not have to use
the whole package my mom did it at the same
time that me she bought herself a
also planting logona coloring and not
of the same color by cons she had
caught golden chain while I have
taken chestnuts and so in fact she
used a month ago of this package
is more than enough for a little hair
little squared so for me the
the entire pack and frankly
it was perfect so about
the use of the product so it is enough
in fact to put the powder in a
logical container to boil
water 300 centilitres of water if I get
remember well and then you pour
in boiling water on the on the
powder that you actually get a
pasty texture that stinks of misery but
when I tell you that it stinks of misery
it's an absolute horror what's the
although to tell you about it I'm
remember this particular smell
it's a delicate smoke not to be
vulgar but frankly it smells very
bad
but here are our zigues and I
spread manure on the hair so
it does something good
short small cpc it does not stay on
hair after you do not smell
I do not have well then
so here you are you prepared this
mixture and it actually gives you a
mixture with pasty mixture must be well
well mix well and not with two steps
with a steel or iron spoon
especially not mix with a
wooden spoon to prevent
oxidation of the product
concerning the laying time of the product
so me I have a rule I did not
not too apprehensive given that
this is still a color
plant has not completely
permanent it fades over
good shampoos I left my hours and
half and I did well I was delighted
result of the coverage no concern by
against normally there is a little bit scared of
the final color left it an hour
and I wanted to clarify so for the
people who have hair
whites like her that an hour has
apparently not enough because that
did not cover all of his
white hair so I advise you
still leave a minimum of one hour
and a half if you have hair
whites you really want a color
more intense
then so when you rinse none
worry it will be very easily
and then so really what I held
to clarify is that there is really there
I find that the hair is more
bulky like that sheaths it's not
at all the same principle as the
chemical staining that changes you which
will change the internal structure of the
hair and it wins you the hair in
done and so that makes it as and when
measure in addition to applications this is the
make it thicker and I
see them and I really see it
as they begin to
really gain density
they are not more numerous it is not necessary
dream but they are they are still
the more I do not know there is more mass in
done there is more volume all
simply and so shine level
it's great
frankly it makes them super bright
I really have nothing to say I find that
I think it's stop
a great product so good logona any
way for now I never disappointed
their shampoo I love their care
I love and there their vegetable coloring
convinced me too after watching well
the colors because it's always
like that, it's like
chemical staining frankly this
that there is on the box it's not
meaningful to me what I you
advise to do it anyway if you
are afraid of color that's all
simply to do a test on a
wick you take a little bit of
hair and then you do a test
on top like that you're sure at the moment
of rendering that's going to be and you're not going
not be disappointed tearing your hair
that would be to teach me about it
coloring i'm going to show you a before
after right now so you'll see
that they have just won already
volume in shine too and they are
darker just it darkened them
but what is it really what I
looking and I wanted to fuck
a little bit
so here for this video I hope
I liked you, I kiss you all
very strong he I tell you very soon
see you next time
ciao